Old crescent
What are you doing here?
My granddaughter's grandfather was in a car accident.
Grandpa
The old friend you mentioned
Could it be Grandma An?
Yeah old you
This young man is your grandson Xuan Xuan
Yes!
After a long time, Yanyan still married Xuan Xuan
I really didn't expect Xuan Xuan to marry Yanyan
They are destined to meet thousands of miles away
What do you know?
Then tell me about their two bosses
They think each other is weak
Then pretend to be weak to protect each other
Then have true love
It's no better than what I summed up.
As far as you know
Wherever there is more
You look dignified and comfortable
I didn't expect to be so unreasonable. Who do you say is unreasonable?
You make it clear, but I can't make it clear
Okay, you send grandpa back
It was getting late.
You go back first